A-V Services Inc. | Multimedia Engineer
Manhattan, NY | January 2022 – Present


Engineering & Deployment: Led the installation, configuration, testing, and onboarding of over 470+ new AV devices including 70+ Huddlerooms, 200+ VC Rooms, 100+ Axis Cameras, 200+ Lightware Switchers, 100+ Brightsign Digital Signage, and 200+ Crestron Booking Panels.


Automation & Development: Developed a multi-purpose Python tool to check the status and provide snapshots of booking panels, drastically reducing a minutes-per-panel process to seconds. Created a firm-wide PowerShell "IDLE" script that prevents VC room PCs from going to sleep or logging off during meetings, used across the AMRS team.


Project Leadership: Took the lead on migration, commissioning, and eventual decommissioning of the GIP Office (14 conference rooms) and managed the commissioning of 15+ VC rooms in 50HY. Performed remote configuration and testing of equipment for global office refreshes in Mexico (in Spanish), Chicago, and Edinburg.


System Upgrades & Testing (Cisco): Conducted extensive pre-testing of the latest Cisco Webex Endpoint OS upgrades before firm-wide deployment and created templates and backups for 200+ video system units to ensure uniformity.


Emergency Response: Assisted the whole department in the global resolution of the Crowdstrike system crash, deploying a proprietary PowerShell script that fixed the issue and teaching others how to resolve it, contributing to the successful restoration of over 18,000+ PCs.

A-V Services Inc. | AV Technician
Manhattan, NY | January 2018 – December 2021


Operational Efficiency: Automated a manual, week-long meeting scheduling process using Excel VBA/Macro to instantly categorize and schedule meetings (VIP, GEC, EXco, AV assisted) for team awareness.


Event & Team Lead: Became the site lead, supporting daily VIP meetings for 2000+ employees. Served as A1 and camera controller for Townhalls. Created comprehensive training documentation and taught live sessions for an 11-member team and 100+ clients.


System Monitoring: Collaborated with NetOps and Data Center teams to onboard/unblock Cisco VC and Brightsign devices. Began using TMS to monitor and perform minor configuration on Cisco endpoints and later utilized Cisco Control Hub for network traffic and data analytics of Webex calls.


Technical Support: Supported clients with over 2000+ Webex and Zoom meetings and assisted the webcast team with events through the Globalmeets streaming platform.

BlackRock | Support Technician
Manhattan, NY | July 2017 – January 2018

Provided On-site and Remote Support to company employees and clients.

Gathered Logistics for upcoming weekly conferences and events.

Addressed customers services inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.

EDUCATION
Year Up | New York, NY | March 2017 – February 2018

Completed a one-year career development program focused on Information Technologies, including six months of college-level courses and a six-month internship.

Accrued 200+ hours of hands-on training in Information Technologies.

Herbert H. Lehman High School | Bronx, NY | Graduated June 2012
